Add breaking change checker doc (#3207)
Azure/communication-ui-library: docs/contributing-guide/6. submitting-a-pr.md

For more details on UI tests and debugging failed UI tests, see [Automated tests](../references/automated-tests.md).

### Whenever you see the breaking change failure

> It means you have a technical breaking change - in most of cases that means you have a real breaking change, so please check if you PRs is making apis not compatible with current api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It means you have a technical breaking change - in most cases, this means you have a real breaking change, so please check whether your PRs are modifying APIs in a way that is incompatible with the current published API.
```

There are exemptions because our definition of breaking change is a bit different from technical breaking change:
If you are adding properties/functions directly to:

1. All state, 
2. All adapters 
3. All stateful clients, 

> These aren't considered as breaking changes, if that is your breaking change case, add `breaking-change` tag to your PR. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These aren't considered as breaking changes, and if this is the case, please add the `breaking-change` tag to your PR. 
```

> Note: Changing names of function/property or making existing functions/properties incompatible is still a breaking change, please do not check in those changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: Changing names of functions or properties or making existing functions/properties incompatible is still a breaking change; please do not check in these changes.
```
